Time is reincarnated
But I didn't get comfortable again.
It's recovery.
This means that as long as I die
The time will return to 12 noon that day
Time is running out.
Why aren't you here yet?
Madam, what are you waiting for?
This patient
Are you waiting for me?
Doctor Fu, you think too much, I'm not waiting for you.
Are you blind?
Not waiting for me
Who else can we wait for?
I am the world I know
Stanford Genius Doctor
Nobel Prize in Medicine winner Yanling Fu
I don't need you to help me heal
Thank you for having the courage to talk to me like this
Don't come here
Old man be careful
Oops, are you alright?
Oops I'm fine I'm fine
Oops oops
This saved two lives
Doctor Fu, wake up
Doctor Fu